Clarifying the definition of S118 and adding the trait that it has a cut point (#949)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000118/README.md

  - wikipedia: Integer_broom_topology
    name: Infinite broom topology on Wikipedia
---
Let $X \subset \mathbb{R}^2$ with polar coordinates $\{(n,\theta)\ |\ n \in \omega, \theta \in \{0\} \cup \{1/n\}_{n=1}^\infty\}$. Define a topology on $X$ by taking as a basis all sets of the form $U \times V$ where $U$ is an open set in the right order topology on the positive integers and $V$ is open in $\{0\} \cup \{1/n\}_{n=1}^\infty \subset \mathbb{R}$. The only neighborhood of the origin is $X$ itself.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This space is the product of {S200} with {S20} under the quotient identifying together all points whose first component is 0.

```

  - wikipedia: Integer_broom_topology
    name: Infinite broom topology on Wikipedia
---

> Let $X \subset \mathbb{R}^2$ with polar coordinates $\{(n,\theta)\ |\ n \in \omega, \theta \in \{0\} \cup \{1/n\}_{n=1}^\infty\}$. Define a topology on $X$ by taking as a basis all sets of the form $U \times V$ where $U$ is an open set in the right order topology on the positive integers and $V$ is open in $\{0\} \cup \{1/n\}_{n=1}^\infty \subset \mathbb{R}$. The only neighborhood of the origin is $X$ itself.

Author: ```suggestion
Let $X \subset \mathbb{R}^2$ consist of points with polar coordinates $\{(n,\theta)\ |\ n \in \omega, \theta \in \{0\} \cup \{1/n\}_{n=1}^\infty\}$. Define a topology on $X$ by taking as a basis all sets of the form $U \times V$ where $U$ is an open set in the right order topology on the positive integers and $V$ is open in $\{0\} \cup \{1/n\}_{n=1}^\infty \subset \mathbb{R}$. The only neighborhood of the origin is $X$ itself.
```

> This space is the product of {S200} with {S20} under the quotient identifying together all points whose first component is 0.

Author: ```suggestion
This space is the quotient of the product of {S200} with {S20}, where all points whose first components are 0 are identified.
```
